[The Ferry Man: 10th Anniversary]
[Episode 19]
What a huge building.
This is Blue Blood Tech.
Don't you want to go in and take a look
at a demon's company?
How do we get in, though?
I nearly forgot this:
since we don't work here, we'll have to
walk in while crouching down,
so as not to be found out.
Are you sure this will work?
I am a night watchman. Trust me.
Let's go.
Zhao Hengzhi,
what's wrong with you?
Hello.
Who are you?
We're visitors.
Any appointments?
No.
You're so pretty.
Are you a fox,
with three tails?
You're fellow demons then.
No.
You are not demons.
I am a night watchman.
He is a human.
We're not here to cause trouble.
This company
is legitimate.
I just want a meeting with your boss.
Perhaps he'll be interested
in cooperating with me.
As you know, technology is advancing.
Night watchmen also need to
keep abreast of the times.
Please give him a call.
By the way,
you really are gorgeous.
Fine then.
A night watchman?
Cooperation? What kind of cooperation?
Let them come up here.
Got it.
Xu.
Quickly bring your daughter
to the Children's Park.
Don't delay it anymore.
She's already two years old.
I... I know.
My wife just feels reluctant to do so.
Demons' children are little demons.
They can't live
in the human world.
Your daughter won't have a future
unless you send her here.
It's not like I'm trying to harm you.
You wouldn't be qualified for this
if you weren't a veteran employee.
I...
I'll convince my wife as soon as I can.
Do you know how to write it or not?
Yes, I'll write it now.
Hurry!
That guy is a weasel demon.
Why are there humans here?
We never discriminate against humans.
A quarter
of the employees here are humans.
As long as they're willing to work
and have required skills,
humans can certainly join us.
You have quite a large space here.
Haven't we reached the CEO's office yet?
It's just around the corner.
This way, please.
Don't worry. See you at night.
What's wrong with you lot?
Is the company going to
fall apart
with Yan Yuzhen gone?
If you have to,
recruit someone on the street.
I can see a lot of
pretty young girls out there.
If you can't find any,
then hire some good-looking guys.
We're running an MCN agency here.
Streamers matter most to us.
I'm keeping all of you
on payroll for...
for nothing.
Director,
are you alright?
I'm fine.
Would you like a rest?
I'm a bit unwell.
Director!
What's going on?
Director, rinse your mouth.
Why am I feeling so sick?
Probably because of pregnancy.
It's very normal.
Director,
is there a cut in your mouth?
A tooth of mine just came out.
Are you both night watchmen?
Only I am.
He is my best friend,
named Xia Dongqing.
This name
sounds a bit familiar.
Please don't get so close to me.
I can smell your fox stench.
Chi You's vessel
has always been with
a ferry man.
He's the guy, right?
Yes, it's me.
Neither of you
are ordinary people.
I'd like to hear
what kind of cooperation
you're seeking with me.
As you know,
night watchmen always rely on talismans.
It's their tradition.
Can you help us
upgrade the method?
I just haven't figured out
the means to resort to.
Night Watchman,
I can encode your talismans
into your genes.
On different occasions,
your body will
react accordingly on its own.
Of course,
I need you to give me
all the talismans
that night watchmen use, including those
for combat, cultivation,
and even survival.
Do you trust me?
It's just that there are too many of them.
Giving you all the talismans
won't necessarily be a bad thing.
This way, you can create
many, many night watchmen.
However,
before we actually cooperate,
could you please tell me
what your core technology is?
The dimensional integration system.
But it's of no use to you.
So you mean
the system that brings
game characters to reality.
It's very impressive.
How did you manage to develop it?
The Avatamsaka Sutra says
everything is a creation of the mind.
And the mind
is the source of the entire world.
The world is made of trillions of wishes,
and interwoven with thoughts.
It actually resembles
some kind of algorithm.
Through algorithms and data,
we can build a virtual world,
which is just like a concrete
manifestation of the mind.
Since the world
is a creation of the mind,
a point of intersection
can certainly be found to merge
reality with virtuality.
Where is that point?
Do you know about AI?
I suppose everyone knows
about AI now.
The AI tools on your phone
can't possibly tell you the answer.
To run such massive
and complex algorithms
obviously requires
a tremendous amount of energy.
Do you...
know who Yan Yuzhen is?
Are you here to pry for information?
I'm just asking.
You've been asking me questions
the entire time.
I also have a few questions for you.
What do you want to know?
Are you really a night watchman?
Zhao Hengzhi, there are many bubbles.
Beware of the fox's illusions!
Night Watchman, Xia Dongqing,
show me what you're capable of.
A quick-change performance, huh?
First,
you are very pretty.
Second,
I'd hate to hit a woman.
Dongqing!
Zhao Hengzhi!
Are you okay?
You...
I didn't expect
Situ Fei's blood to be blue.
He's a demon after all.
His company is called Blue Blood Tech.
Then I must go wash up now.
My skin is not great to begin with.
It can't take any more damage.
I remember in nature,
only octopuses have blue blood.
Is there still blood on my face?
Octopus, cuttlefish, squid...
I can't tell them apart.
I think your face is clean now.
I'll wash it again later.
Hold on!
Why? What's up?
Your neck.
Why is there still blood on me?
I'll take you for a bath later.
Where?
Zhao Hengzhi.
Today is a lucky day.
Lucky day?
What lucky day?
It's not my lucky day,
but Xu's.
Dongqing.
Honey, you finally answered the phone.
Where did you go?
You weren't at the shop.
Have you gone home?
I'm already off work.
But I have some things
to deal with now.
Don't worry about me.
I'm not worried.
I'm just asking.
You are a Heavenly Maiden.
Who dares to mess with you?
I'll come home once I finish my business.
Here comes a guest.
I'll hang up then.
Talk to you later at home tonight.
Xu.
We've got a little guest.
This is my wife, Wanping.
This is our daughter,
Niuniu.
Niuniu,
You are so adorable.
How old are you?
I'm two years old.
Two years old, huh?
Soon I'll be a father too.
How about
I introduce a little friend
for you to play with later?
Take a seat, all of you.
I'll go fix some drinks for you.
Nothing's wrong.
But
why would a tooth of mine
fall out for no reason?
That was a wisdom tooth.
You're pregnant.
Pregnancy could lead to
unusual body changes.
What do these unusual body changes
have to do with my teeth?
The human body is very complex.
Maybe your pregnancy
and lack of nutrition
caused your body to think
the entire system was quickly declining
and that you were getting old,
so bone resorption happened.
Things like wisdom teeth
would naturally fall out.
I'm getting old?
Look,
you even have a few
grey hairs now.
Grey hairs?
You just lack nutrition.
What you lost was a mere wisdom tooth.
Many young girls would
specifically come
to have their wisdom teeth pulled.
Try taking in more nutritional food.
Pregnant women
need sufficient nutrition.
I have
an ordinary woman's body,
right?
Yes, ordinary.
To be accurate,
you have a regular woman's body.
No need to worry.
Pregnancy
is a difficult journey for women.
You'll notice
all sorts of unusual conditions.
Doctor.
The baby in my womb
just kicked me.
You are a human?
Then you two...
When Wanping met me,
she already knew
I'm a demon.
I used to work
at Blue Blood Tech too.
That's where I met Xu.
I think he's very nice.
He's a good person—
a good demon, to be exact.
All I care about is his good character
and that he treats me well.
No matter Xu is a demon or a human,
I just want to spend
the rest of my life with him.
Did you resign?
Yes,
before I married Xu.
Getting married
while we were working in the same office
wasn't a good idea after all.
Xu,
employees of Blue Blood Tech
aren't allowed to quit, are they?
Humans are exceptions.
Sounds about right.
Due to humans' limited energy
and short lifespans,
they can't commit to
long-term high-intensity work.
Demon bosses mainly
exploit demon employees.
Yes.
Niuniu, drink this.
It's sweet.
Thank you, uncle.
Good girl.
Xu.
Well,
your child...
Niuniu is a hybrid
of a human and a demon.
So she's a half-demon.
Mom, drink this.
Niuniu,
I've told you many times not to
recklessly move things around
in others' presence.
She's basically a little demon.
It took me hundreds of years
to finally build a family.
So,
my family is the most precious thing
to me.
I want to leave the company
and be with my wife.
I hope to watch Niuniu
grow up little by little.
That's why
I came to you for help.
You want me to help you
leave the company?
Mr. Zhao,
do you have any solutions?
If Xu tries to run away,
the employee badge on him
will kill him.
Xu,
can you show me that badge
on your chest again?
Shall we take a gamble?
Your boss is a demon,
right?
Since ancient times,
demons have controlled other demons
by forming blood pacts.
The former use their blood
to plant something
into the latter's bodies
to gain lifelong control.
Only the former's blood
can break the blood pacts.
That is to say,
we need to get your boss's blood.
We already have it.
This bit on here
is Xu's boss's blood.
Your boss's blood is blue.
Xu,
maybe today
is your lucky day.
Will you take a gamble?
The employee badge on your chest
is a blood pact.
I'll take a gamble.
As you said,
today is my lucky day.